Q1: What is Testing?

Testing is the process of checking the functionality of the application whether it fulfills the requirement or not.

Q2: What is JUnit?

JUnit is the testing framework, it is used for unit testing of Java code.

Q3: What is unit testing?

The process of testing individual functionality (known as a unit) of the application is called unit testing.

Q4: Is it necessary to write the test case for every logic?

No, we should write the test case only for that logic that can be reasonably broken.

Q5: How is the 'protected' method tested?

To test the protected method, the test class is declared in the same package as the target class.

Q6: How is the 'private' method tested?

There is no direct way for testing of the private method; hence manual testing is to be performed, or the method is changed to "protected" method.

Q7: Is the use of 'main' method possible for unit testing?

Yes.

Q8: What is the Unit Test Case?

A Unit Test Case is the combination of input data and expected output result. It is defined to test the functionality of a unit.

Q9: What is the use of @Test annotation?

The @Test annotation is used to mark the method as the test method.

Q10: What are the important JUnit annotations?

The test runner is used to execute the test cases.
    @Test
    @BeforeClass
    @Before
    @After
    @AfterClass

Q11: What are Parameterized tests?

Parameterized tests allow developer to run the same test over and over again using different values.

Q12: What is a Mock Object?

In a unit test, mock objects can simulate the behavior of complex, real (non-mock) objects and are therefore useful when a real object is impractical or impossible to incorporate into a unit test.

Q13: Explain unit testing using Mock Objects.

The common coding style for testing with mock objects is to −

    Create instances of mock objects.
    Set state and expectations in the mock objects.
    Invoke domain code with mock objects as parameters.
    Verify consistency in the mock objects.


