Q1: What is Maven? 

Maven is a project management tool. It provides the developer a complete build lifecycle framework. 

Q2: How does it work?

On executing Maven commands, it will look for POM file in Maven; it will run the command on the resources described in the POM. 

Q3: What is POM?

POM (Project Object Model) is the unit of work. It is an XML file which holds the information about the project and configuration details used to build a project by Maven. 

Q4: What is Maven Repository?

A Maven repository is a location where all the project jars, library jars, plugins or any other particular project related artifacts are stored and can be easily used by Maven. 

Q5: What are Maven plugins used for?

Maven plugins are used to

    Create a jar or war files
    Compile code files
    Unit testing of code
    Documenting projects
    Reporting

Q6: List out what are the build phases in Maven?

    Validate
    Compile
    Test
    Package
    Install
    Deploy

Q7: List out the build, source and test source directory for POM in Maven?

    Build = Target
    Source = src/main/java
    Test = src/main/test

Q8: Where do you find the class files when you compile a Maven project?

You will find the class files ${basedir}/target/classes/. 

Q9: List out what are the Maven’s order of inheritance?

The maven’s order of inheritance is

    Parent Pom
    Project Pom
    Settings
    CLI parameters

Q10: For POM what are the minimum required elements?

The minimum required elements for POM are project root, modelVersion, groupID, artifactID and version. 

Q11: How to run test classes in Maven?

To run test classes in Maven, you need surefire plugin, check and configure your settings in setting.xml and pom.xml for a property named "test." 

Q12: What is Maven Artifact?

An artifact is something that is either produced or used by a project. Examples of artifacts produced by Maven for a project include: JARs, source and binary distributions, WARs.

Q13: What the command "mvn clean" does?

The command does as suggested by cleaning the directory. You use it to remove the target directory, including all build data, before starting a new build process.
