Q1: What is Tomcat?

Apache Tomcat is basically a Web Server and Servlet container.

Q2: What is the name of inbuilt Web Container in Tomcat?

The name of the inbuilt Web Container in Tomcat is Catalina.

Q3: What is WebServers?

Transaction with HTTP request and HTTP response is called webserver.  It will not process business logic.

Q4: What are the connectors used in Tomcat?

In Tomcat, two types of connectors are used:
HTTP Connectors: It has many attributes that can be changed to determine exactly how it works and access functions such as redirects and proxy forwarding
AJP Connectors: It works in the same manner as HTTP connectors, but they practice the AJP protocol in place of HTTP. 

Q5: What is Tomcat Coyote?

Tomcat Coyote is an HTTP connector based on HTTP/ 1.1 configuration which accepts and sends the web request to the Tomcat engine and again reverts to the client which makes the request.

Q6: How is Apache Tomcat different from Apache Web Server?

Apache Tomcat is used to host the web contents whereas Apache Web server is an HTTP server that is built to serve the static contents.

Q7: What is different between webserver and application server?

1)Webserver can execute only web applications i,e servlets and JSPs and has only a single container known as Web container which is used to interpret/execute web applications
2)Application server can execute Enterprise application, i,e (servlets, jsps, and EJBs) it is having two containers 
	1. Web Container(for interpreting/executing servlets and jsps) 
	2. EJB container(for executing EJBs).

Q8: Apache runs as which user?

Apache runs with a user “nobody”.

Q9: How can we put a restriction to upload files on our web server?

Yes, we can restrict the user to upload files on our web server by using the “LimitRequestBody” directive.

Q10: Is it possible to capture the MAC address of the clients who are using your server?

No, it will not be possible to capture the MAC address of the clients who are using your server.

Q11: Is there any chance to cache files which are viewed frequently?

Yes, there is a chance to cache files which are viewed frequently by using Mod_file_cache module.

Q12: Do Apache Tomcat generate Log files?

Yes, Apache Tomcat generates Log files.

Q13: What is the default port for Tomcat?

The default port for Tomcat is 8080. 
